= Treasure Data output plugin for Fluentd

This Fluentd output plugin is used to upload logs to Treasure Data using
Treasure Data's REST APIs.

This plugin relies on the Treasure Data's {Ruby client library}[https://github.com/treasure-data/td-client-ruby] to communicate with the Treasure Data's REST APIs.

For more information, please visit the official {Fluentd TD Output plugin}[http://docs.fluentd.org/articles/http-to-td] page at http://docs.fluentd.org.

== Configuration

Please refer to the +example.conf+ example configuration file contained in the
root of this repository for some examples. The configuration file allows the user to specify various settings for this output plugin.

The configuration options currently supported are:

+apikey+::
  Sets the configuration parameter to specify the Treasure Data API key.
  
  Requires the API key as argument.
  
  This parameter is *required*.
  
+auto_create_table+::
  Specifies whether to create a database and/or table if the destination
  database and/or table do not exist.
  
  Requires no argument to enable; one optional boolean (true or false) argument accepted.
  When this option is enabled, the destination database and table will be
  determined based on the *event* *tag*: e.g. an even with tag 'td.mydb.mytable'
  will require the plugin to upload data to the 'mydb' database and 'mytable'
  table within it.
  
  If this option is not used or set to false, the user is *required* to specify
  the +database+ and +table+ configuration parameters as explained below.
  
  *NOTE* 
  
  depending on the access control permissions associated to the API key, a database can or cannot be created if not already available.
  See the {Treasure Data Access Control documentation}[http://docs.treasuredata.com/articles/access-control] page for details.
  
+database+::
  Specifies the destination database in the Treasure Data cloud.
  
  Requires the database name as argument.
  
  This parameter is *required* unless the +auto_create_table+ option is used.
  
+table+::
  Specifies the destination table in the above mentioned database within the Treasure Data cloud.
  
  Requires the table name as argument.
  
  This parameter is *required* unless the +auto_create_table+ option is used.
  
+endpoint+::
  Specifies the Treasure Data's REST API endpoint.
  
  Requires the endpoint as argument.
  
  If not specified, a default is used; please refer to the {td-client-ruby's :endpoint}[https://github.com/treasure-data/td-client-ruby#endpoint] option for more details.
  
+use_ssl+::
  Specifies whether to communicate using SSL encryption over HTTPS.
  
  Requires no argument to enable; one optional boolean (true or false) argument accepted.
  
  This option corresponds to {td-client-ruby's :ssl}[https://github.com/treasure-data/td-client-ruby#ssl] option: please refer to that page for important information concerning it.
  
+http_proxy+::
  If communication with the Treasure Data API endpoint has to occur through a proxy, you can use this option to configure it.
  
  Requires the proxy URL as argument. Please refer to the {td-client-ruby's :http_proxy}[https://github.com/treasure-data/td-client-ruby#proxy] option for details.
  
+connect_timeout+ +read_timeout+ +send_timeout+::
  All three options specify the timeout used for every connection, when reading data from the Treasure Data API endpoints, and when sending data to it.
  
  They require the number of seconds for the timeout as argument.
  
  Please refer to the {td-client-ruby's :connect_timeout, :read_timeout, :send_timeout}[https://github.com/treasure-data/td-client-ruby#connection-read-and-send-timeouts] options for details.
  
+tmpdir+::
  Specifies the temporary folder to use for storing the temporarily converted and compressed inputs.
  
  Requires the path to the temporary folder as argument. If not specified, the system default as specified by Ruby's +Dir.tmpdir+ is used (the +TMPDIR+ environment variable is honored).

== Copyright

Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2011 Treasure Data, Inc.
License::   Apache License, Version 2.0

